#ChessDiver_Fighter #Chess #ComputerMatch

Computer rating: 1300
My estimated rating: 677 :(
*Outcome*: AI wins again

##### Thoughts
I feel like I am not really critically engaging with the positions and realizing outcomes of moves. I think I just want to jump in and make moves as fast as I can. It's causing me to blunder a lot. 
##### Game Review
Me: white, AI: black

| Move # | White | Black | Link |
| ------ | ----- | ----- | ---- |
| 1      | e4    | e5    |      |
| 2      | d4    | Qh4   |      |
| 3      | dxe5  | Qxe4+ |      |
| 4      | Ne2   | Qxe5  |      |
| 5      | Bf4   | Qxb2  |      |
| 6      | Qd4   | Qxd4  |      |
##### Opening Game Analysis by Step
1. e4 e5
	From the modules that I took, establishing control of the center is key to early game to middle game. So I decided to start with King's pawn opening. It also frees the white space bishop and queen diagonals. 
	
	*AI answers with e5, a common response, to establish presence in center and controls d4 space which is usually the next move from white. Also opening dark space bishop and queen.*
2. d4 Qh4
	I tried something a little different and moved d4, seeing that I could cover the pawn using my queen. Then capture it if they do not cover their e5 pawn. Also allowing my dark space bishop to develop. **The smart thing would be to move knight f3 to threaten the queen position, causing them to lose development moving it and threaten the pawn.**
	
	*AI answers with Qh4, threatening the king-side area. Before, this made me go g3, however I realized that there's little threat and now I usually focus on developing the center. Additionally, this gives their queen the opportunity to take pawn e4 and check the king.*
3. dxe5 Qxe4+
	Thinking I'm smart, I move to capture e5 pawn. Not realizing that the queen can just do the same thing from a pawn g3 move. By capturing e4 and setting additional takes along its diagonals. 

	*AI answers by capturing e4 and checking the king.*
4. Ne2 Qxe5
	After bQ capture e4, my King is open and checked, so I think that moving my knight e2 would be good so I don't have to trade queens. However, the AI has other options and it leaves the pawn e5 hanging (it was already hanging). But if **I played Qe2 I could threaten the bQ if chooses to take and cover the pawn c2 if it chooses to go along a diagonal.**

	*AI answers my knight e2 by capturing pawn e5, moving to the dark diagonal and threatening pawns on b2 h2.*
5. Bf4 Qxb2
	To threaten the Queen and block the diagonal along h2, I move my bishop with support from Ne2. This also establishes a piece in the center. However, I am solely focusing on the Queen, and forget that it has another diagonal. 

	*Qxb2 capturing a pawn with no pieces to punish it. With additional opportunity to take a rook, pawn, or knight depending on the move that I make.*
6. Qd4 Qxd4
	My thought here was to threaten the Queen if it chooses to take the rook. So I move Qd4 with cover from Ne2. However, this creates an opening for c2. 

	*AI answers by capturing Qxd4. Essentially trading queens, which I didn't expect, but it makes sense since its Queen has already provided so much value.*
