#Chess #ChessDiver_Fighter #ComputerMatch 

Computer rating: 1300
My estimated rating: 677 :(
*AI whoops me again*
##### Thoughts
The early-mid game went a lot smoother and felt more secure than the last game. Just because its a computer, it makes the same moves in response to the usual King side opening. I think because of this we can analyze the improved moves that I made and go from there. 
##### Game Review
Me: white, AI: black

| Move | White | Black |
| ---- | ----- | ----- |
| 1    | e4    | e5    |
| 2    | d4    | Qh4   |
| 3    | Nf3   | Qxe4  |
| 4    | Qe2   | Qd5   |
| 5    | Nc3   | Qe6   |
| 6    | Nxe5  | Nc6   |
| 7    | Bf4   | Nxd4  |
| 8    | Qd3   | Nc6   |
| 9    | O-O-O | Nxe5  |
| 10   | Bxe5  | Qxe5  |
| 11   | Qb5   | Bc5   |
| 12   | Be2   | c6    |
| 13   | Qd3   | d5    |
| 14   | Rhf1  | Nf6   |
| 15   | f4    | Qe3+  |
| 16   | Qd2   | Qxd2+ |
| 17   | Rxd2  | d4    |
| 18   | Nd1   | Ne4   |
| 19   | Rd3   | f6    |
| 20   | f5    | b5    |
##### Center Game Analysis by Step
4. Qe2 Qd5
	The bQ takes e4 pawn checking my king. However, the due to my improved response using a knight, it can only threaten the c2 pawn or d4, depending on how it wants to commit. According to the game review, my move to block check Qe2, is not as good as Be2. *My guess is due to not having to sac the queen vs. developing a bishop. Plus the frontline is still covered without blocking with the Queen.*

	*AI responds with Qd5. Which is apparently a blunder, which I can understand since its just a retreat but block the Queen from other meaning full avenues.*
5. Nc3 Qe6
	I move Nc3 to threaten a capture for bQd5. My thoughts here was to get the queen to back off while using the move to develop my other knight. *The best move was to capture d5, since my pawn still has cover from Qe2. And there is no response without leaving the blackside King open to check.*

	*AI responds by retreating to Qe6.*
6. Nxe5 Nc6
	I take e5 pawn because I see cover from d4 pawn and my queen. I wanted to get a free capture, and threaten potential forks. Although, seeing it now, I see that my fork would not work since I do not have cover and bQ is still e6. *The best move is to continue pressure on bQ by going Ng5.*
	
	*AI responds with Nc6, threatening my knight.*
7. Bf4 Nxd4
	To add more protection to Ne5, I move Bf4. It was in case there would be a trade, I wanted to come out on top. *This was the best move in this case.*

	*AI responds with Nxd4, capturing my pawn d4.*
8. Qd3 Nc6
	I was a bit jarred from the move, so I kind of panicked and responded with Qd3. *The best move would be Qd2, to move wQ out of harm and threaten an exchange with bN and wherever it can go.*

	*AI responds to my miss with Nc6. This is because it wins time by threatening a knight and forcing it to move or exchange material. *
9. O-O-O Nxe5
	I try Queenside castle to get my rook to the outside, and gain more control of the two center files. However, it's a mistake because I could have backed the threatened Ne5. *The best move was Qe3 incase there is an exchange on e5.*

	*AI responds with Nxe5, because it is not protected, they will win this exchange.*
10. Bxe5 Qxe5
	In a bit of hot-headedness, I move Bxe5 to stay on neutral grounds. I also completely missed the threat of the Knight on my queen. *The best move would be to retreat my queen.*

	*AI responds with Qxe5 to capture my lone bishop.*