#LeetCode #Coding #Programming #ProblemSolving 

###### Difficulty: <code> Easy </code>

###### Description:
You are given an array <code> coordinates, coordinates[i] = [x, y]</code>, where <code>[x, y]</code> represents the coordinate of a point. Check if these points make a straight line in the XY plane. 

###### First Impression
Find some way to verify that points are in a line, by constructing a general linear formula. The one thing I do remember from algebra is that linear functions form lines on a 2D plane. So if we can relate *X* to *Y* in a consistent linear fashion, the points should be in a line. 

###### Problem
Finding a way to find a general linear relationship. The general equation for a linear function is: $y = mx + b$. The easiest way to find a slope is to use the first two coordinate pairs to find it 
$\frac{y_{2} - y_{1}}{x_{2} - x_{1}}$ .

###### Iteration 1
This finds the slope *m* from the linear slope formula, constant *b* by plugging these into the general linear equation. Then checking each coordinate in the matrix *coord*.
``` python
def checkStraightLine(self, coord: List[List[int]]) -> bool:
	m = coord[1][1] - coord[0][1] / coord[1][0] - coord[0][0]
	b = coord[0][1] - slope * coord[0][0]
	for point in coord:
		if point[1] != slope * point[0] + const:
			return False
	return True
```
*Issue*: finding the slope leaves the function open to the *divide by zero* error.

###### Iteration 2 & Solution
To get around the divide by zero, we need to add a check. My other thought was to increase each coordinate pair by zero, but then what happens if the coordinate is -1 and I increment and it becomes 0. I think its easier to compare slopes between 3 pairs of coordinates to. Since even if the run of the slope evaluates to zero, its just being multiplied, not divided with. 
$$ \frac{y-y_{1}}{x-x_{1}} = \frac{y_{1}-y_{0}}{x_{1}-x_{0}} $$
``` python
(x0, y0), (x1, y1) = coord[:2]
for x, y in coord:
	if (x1 - x0) * (y - y1) != (x - x1) * (y1 - y0):
		return False
return True
```