#LeetCode #Coding #Programming
###### Difficulty: <code> Medium </code>

###### Description:
Given a list of folders <code>folder</code>, return *the folders after removing all **sub-folders** in those folders.* You may return the answer in **any order**. If a <code>folder[i]</code> is located within another <code>folder[j]</code>, it is called a **sub-folder** of it. The format of a path is one or more concatenated strings of the form <code>'/'</code> followed by one or more lowercase English letters. 

###### First Thoughts
The first thought I have is that we need to find a way to detect when a string is a subfolder of another string. My first instinct is to do a regex. However, I am not totally sure that is the best way. If I do use a regex, I would need to keep tabs on file paths that we have visited. I can think of a naive approach that just iterates through each index of the array.

I think it may help to sort first, so at least all similar starting filepaths are grouped together. Then just iterate and check until the initial folder does not match. Move current index to last checked. Etc. 

###### Problem
I think I am going to go with the latter approach I mentioned. I am going to sort, set the current index to 0 and iterate until I reach a filepath that does not start with the current one. 

###### Iteration 1
The thought behind this is to use string matching to find filepaths with matching names and remove them. 
``` python
def removeSubfolders(self, folder: List[str]) -> List[str]:
        new = sorted(folder)
        last = 0
        offset = 0
        for i, x in enumerate(folder[1:]):
            if folder[last] in x:
                new.remove(x)
                offset += 1
            else:
                last = offset + i
        return new
```
*Issue*: An unintended side effect of my methods for matching is causing subfolder name strings to be categorized as the same even when only a part of them match. I think this can be solved by adding a slash to the end of the initial path. Then just comparing the subfolder names.
*Next*: Gonna do what I just said. Probably gonna switch it up by appending to a new list rather, than trying to do it in place. Because it gets kind of confusing when debugging.

###### Iteration 2 & Solution
``` python
def removeSubfolders(self, folder: List[str]) -> List[str]:
        if not folder: return []
        folder.sort()
        new, base = [folder[0]], folder[0] + '/'
        for path in folder[1:]:
            if not path.startswith(base):
                new.append(path)
                base = path + '/'
        return base
```